PEM: Adding db server matrix as per PEM-4741 (#3689)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/8/index.mdx

Welcome to Postgres Enterprise Manager (PEM). PEM consists of components that provide the management and analytical functionality for your EDB Postgres Advanced Server or PostgreSQL database. PEM is based on the Open Source pgAdmin 4 project.

PEM is a comprehensive database design and management system. PEM is designed to meet the needs of both novice and experienced Postgres users alike, providing a powerful graphical interface that simplifies the creation, maintenance, use of database objects and monitoring multiple postgres servers through a single graphical interface.

## Postgres compatibility

> The table lists the compatibility matrix information for PEM 8.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table provides information about the supported versions of Postgres for PEM 8.x.
```

> The table provides information about the supported versions of Postgres for PEM 8.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported versions of Postgres for PEM 8.x:
```
